📝 Rewrite race-condition tutorial for clarity and depth (#6846)
dubzzz/fast-check: website/docs/tutorials/detect-race-conditions/index.md

As we have seen in this simple example, race conditions are easy to create, as they only require two concurrent events, and can cause significant problems from a user's perspective. It is worth noting that the example we took for this section was only a visual glitch, but race conditions can have much more critical impacts than just a wrong display.

:::info Could you write a test that catches this bug?

> That is exactly what you will learn in the next five steps. We'll start from a test that passes — despite the buggy code under test — and, step by step, turn it into a property that fast-check can break. Every time a page ends with "Your turn!", your job is to make the test fail.

Author: ```suggestion
That is exactly what you will learn in the next five steps. We'll start from a test that passes despite the buggy code under test. Then, step by step, we will turn it into a property that fast-check can break. Every time a page ends with "Your turn!", your job is to make the test fail.
```
